of great or more than average width
longer or higher than it is wide of small width
plane surface without sharp breaks or angularity
without a curve or bend.
shaped into a point
having the shape of a globe or globule
extremely or unusually small
to make someone seem small
exceeding the usual or expected (as in size, force, or prominence)
extraordinarily great in size, extent, or degree
bent or twisted out of shape or out of place.
having the form of a circle
having angles or sharp corners
having or appearing to have length and breadth but no depth.
having or appearing to have length, breadth, and depth.
become less intense or widespread
begin to grow or increase rapidly; flourish
restrict (something) within limits
having or showing a lack of thought or intelligence; mindless.
a large or excessive amount of (something).
a person who is professionally involved in politics
a member of the clergy, especially in Protestant churches
the governing body of a nation, state, or community
a system of government by the whole population or all the eligible members of a state, typically through elected representatives
a body of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is acknowledged to be governed
a list of goods sent or services provided, with a statement of the sum due for these
a minor change or addition designed to improve a text, piece of legislation
a state of disorder due to absence or nonrecognition of authority
a process of voting, in writing and typically in secret.
an alliance for combined action, especially a temporary alliance of political parties forming a government or of states
the most basic level of an activity or organization.
government by a dictator.
a spokesperson employed to give a favorable interpretation of events to the media, especially on behalf of a political party
a form of government with a monarch at the head.
the study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence, especially when considered as an academic discipline
occupation of a position of dominant power or influence.
relating to or believing in the principle that all people are equal and deserve equal rights and opportunities
the quality of being religious or reverent
loyal and committed in attitude.
relating to a system of government that is centralized and dictatorial and requires complete subservience to the state.
a mechanical or electrical device for measuring time, indicating hours, minutes, and sometimes seconds
not long ago.
a length or portion of time
a period of time equal to a twenty-fourth part of a day and night
the time during which something continues
gone by in time and no longer existing
existing or occurring now
The time or a period of time following the moment of speaking or writing; time regarded as still to come
the time of the day between sunrise and sunset
the time between evening and morning; the time of darkness
having previously filled a particular role or been a particular thing
archaic Yesterday at noon 
a plan for carrying out a process or procedure, giving lists of intended events and times
a period of a thousand years, especially when calculated from the traditional date of the birth of Christ
a period of ten years
of or belonging to the time before the biblical Flood
be quick to do something.
returning to a former or less developed state
occurring occasionally, singly, or in irregular or random instances
lasting only for a short time